Let not your
heart be troubled.
You believe in God.
Believe also in me.
I can't believe she's gone.
I know.
I don't know what to say.
I mean, I know what I
wanna say, but I just-
- It's okay, you don't
have to say anything.
It's just gonna
be a lotta work.
You mean the ranch?
Should I even go back?
Lizzy, what are
you talking about?
You love that place, okay?
She gave it to you.
She left it for you.
Okay, so don't make any
decisions right now.
Just stay there
for a couple days
and see how you feel, okay?
I've just never been there
for one single day by myself.
And now I'm the only one left
and I'm gonna have to figure
out how to take care of
the ranch by myself and-
- Hey, hey, hey, you're
working yourself up.
Okay, look, you're very smart.
You know that.
Your grandmother knew that.
You're gonna make
the right decisions.
Just for right now,
let's just take it one
day at a time, okay?
Okay.
Besides you have me
here whenever you need me
Grandma said
anything worth having
wasn't gonna be easy.
Let's go.
Hey, Hope.
Yeah, there you go.
I got one for you too.
Hey.
Legacy's so pretty.
Yeah, and she's bigger
than Hope already.
Yeah, I guess she is.
I want to enter
the Midstate Happy Valley
Saddlery Event Series.
It's three events,
dressage, cross-country,
and show jumping.
You wanna do all those?
Yeah, I mean, I was
competing before college,
although it's been a while
since I've done some
serious training.
I don't even remember the
last time I took Legacy out.
Be a lot easier if Hope
could still compete.
Well, I think Legacy's
just as good as Hope.
And I know you believe that too.
I mean, I want to do this.
I know I do, because if I'm
gonna be here at the ranch,
then I need to be riding.
And if I'm good, then maybe
we can get some students
and some horses
to train and sell.
Plus like with these events,
I think they win like
$5,000 or something.
Then what's the problem?
No, I'm just wishing I'd
actually done some training
in college instead of
just focusing on classes
and my social life.
It'd be way less daunting.
Okay, it's gonna
be a lotta work
and you shouldn't
worry about that
because I've seen you and Legacy
and you guys could
be unstoppable.
I mean, I feel like
I'm back at square one,
but I'm on my own.
Okay, hold on a minute.
First of all, you're
not on your own.
You have me here with you.
And secondly, you're
not at square one.
You know how to ride,
you know how to compete, and
I know you know you're good.
So where do you
want these bowls?
Right here again?
- Do you want 'em up here?
- Yeah.
Shall I?
You got mad at me last
time I put them here.
Stop, just stop.
Well, once I, yeah-
Hi, I'm Hailey and
this is my glam-mother.
Hi.
Hi, nice to meet you.
We were at the
funeral with you,
but you were, you
know, naturally upset.
I just didn't feel
it was the right time
to introduce myself.
Do you guys wanna come in?
Sure, thank you.
Who's this?
Oh, this is Queen
Charlize de la Pusa Soliel
but you can call her Charlizey.
Okay.
I love your grandma.
Yeah, we were really
tight, you know?
Actually I moved away and I
just came back for the funeral
and we're here now
because we thought you
might need some help.
I'm sorry, I'm not
trying to be rude
but I don't really know
how you guys could help me.
Well, you just never know
what comes up, you know?
It's nice to have
someone around.
I could make you a cup of tea.
How would that help?
Sure.
She's potty trained.
Okay, if I put her down?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Of course.
I mean, there's something
that I'm seeing in your eyes,
it's so strange because
it kinda reminds me of me
when I was younger.
What kinda tea do you want?
Green works.
Oh, look,
it's still here.
Do you know
anything about horses?
A little.
See, I'm thinking about
getting back into eventing.
I've been away at school
for the past couple years
so I haven't been here very much
but when grandma
left me the place,
instead of looking
for a real job,
I've just been thinking
about riding all the time.
Sometimes it's good to
do what you think about.
They have eventing shows
around here all the time.
I always go and see them.
Do you ride?
No, Charlizey, don't do that!
Yes, good job, Lizzy!
Lizzy, You guys look
great out there.
I know, she's made for this.
Oh man, it's gonna be different,
but I know that if
I give her my time,
we're totally gonna be
ready for the next event.
You know, I was
thinking it's not too long
before the next round of
competition start back up.
We could just wait until then.
What, no, I mean, did
you see us out there?
When we're together,
everything just changes.
I don't know, I just-
I always thought I was gonna
be at some boring regular job,
but this just feels so right.
I know we can win this one.
Yeah, well, I
was just thinking
you know, it's not just about
you guys being great together.
You know, Legacy's still
gotta learn some technique
in the jumping and we just
need a little more time.
Yeah, I know.
But-
You don't have to sound
so disappointed in me.
Oh, I'm not disappointed.
I'm just thinking
that, you know,
I don't want you pushing
yourself too hard.
Don't worry, I won't.
I mean...
Look, well, looks like I
can't do anything anyways.
All this stuff's falling apart.
Reins, gotta get a
new saddle and...
It's a sign, I guess.
You're right.
Well, if you really wanna do
it, we can just get new ones.
I can't be spending
money on all this stuff.
I mean it's expensive and I
gotta take care of the ranch.
Yeah, well that's
never stopped us before.
We can get whatever
we put our minds to.
I mean, what am I
even doing here, James?
I thought I'd just put
all this stuff behind me.
Come on, let's go.
Okay.
Hi.
I am looking for somebody
completely different.
I'm so sorry.
Wait, you're Lizzy, right?
Yeah, I don't think
we've met before.
I'm Hailey's mother.
Linda?
Hi, oh, come on
in, grab a seat.
What a happy surprise.
Yeah, what's going on?
You knew my grandma and
you knew she kept horses.
Well, I have this horse.
Her name's Legacy
and she's amazing.
And she wants to do eventing.
I just know she does.
And I know she's gonna be great
and I wanna do it with her,
but my saddles and my reins,
they're all old
and falling apart.
So I was wondering if
you could just help me.
Sorry.
That's all right.
I was gonna pay you a visit you.
You beat me to it.
Oh.
You got a great place here.
I mean all these ribbons and
trophies, are they all yours?
All mine.
Wow, I used to dream about
decorating my room like this
but I never
envisioned this many.
Back then, I was riding just
a little bit older than you.
I was considered an
upper level rider.
Yeah, I can see that.
So you paid me a visit.
You need some gear.
Why don't you just take a look
around your shoulder there
in the corner.
Wow.
Go ahead and
take a closer look.
What?
Are you sure?
Oh yeah, absolutely.
You think Legacy will like them?
Oh, I know, she'll love them.
I mean, I could never
afford this kinda quality.
I haven't even started paying
off my student loans yet.
Here I am going into eventing.
I just wanna do it
right, you know?
But I don't think
I could pay you.
You don't have to,
Lizzy, they're a gift.
You have no idea
what this means to me.
I think I do.
I mean, look around.
I understand what
all this is about.
I do, you know, I just know
that if it's in your blood,
there's nothing you
can do about it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
So do you have a trainer?
No.
Why?
Because if you'd let
me, I'd like to help you.
Yeah, you've got this
fire in your eyes.
I haven't seen that
since I saw it in my own.
Really?
Yeah, it burns brightly.
Look, it can't hurt to have
somebody in your corner.
Someone there to get your back.
Yeah, I love that.
Then I'm gonna unpack
my bags and stay.
Let's go to work.
All right, so
where do we start?
Follow me.
Okay.
You guys are really good.
Well, we still got
a lotta work to do
I love dressage.
It's my favorite to watch.
That's the part
that I fear getting
wrong the most.
Why?
It's poetry in motion.
I mean, I look into her eyes
and can see what she's thinking.
You know, I was there
and she was born.
So it's like we're in sync.
So if something goes wrong
out there, it's all my fault.
So then
it should be easy.
It requires a perfect
focus and there's no way
to hide any mistake you
might make out there.
You know you're better
at this than you think.
Well, thanks.
Go Legacy!
Hey.
Hey, what is all this?
Just a little something
I made for the two of us.
And the rose petals?
Decoration.
Do you like it?
Yeah, I just feel a
little under dressed.
Well, Lizzy
you're always beautiful.
So did you make all this?
I did.
When'd you
learn how to cook?
I've picked up a
few things in my day.
Lizzy, I've thought about
this a million different ways
and I realized the
best way to do this is
right here, right now.
Lizzy Evans, will you marry me
and make me the
happiest man alive?
Yeah.
Yeah?
I love you.
I love you too.
Oh, it's beautiful.
Good job.
That is just gorgeous.
James, you did an amazing job.
How sparkly.
Congratulations.
You take care of
my girl, all right.
I will, yes sir.
You knew?
Yeah, he actually
came and asked
for my permission,
if you believe it
So cute.
Was he nervous?
Yeah.
I raised him right.
Yeah, that was no easy feat.
He was so stubborn as a kid.
I'm just glad he found somebody
who will put up with him.
He asked permission,
like a gentlemen.
I love that.
I will say he is quite
the insistent young man.
Almost felt like I had
to say yes or else.
Stop it.
But you wanted to, right?
Yeah, we want you
guys to be happy.
But we had reservations
Reservations?
We all had them, Lizzy.
Yeah, I still can't
really believe it happened.
I know.
I'm in a state of shock myself
But you're all
happy for us, right?
I mean, we wanna share
our lives together
and we can only really do
that by getting married.
Sweetheart, of
course we are, but-
- Why is there a but?
Mom, you love everything
to do with weddings.
You used to flip through
magazines with me,
showing me what dress I
should wear for my wedding
and now I'm getting married,
there should be no buts.
Listen we, we just
think that, well,
you're a little too young.
Too young, really?
Lizzy, we think it too.
I mean, you're still really
just a couple of kids.
Of course we do.
This is a really big deal.
You're talking about
a spring wedding.
But I think that's just taking
things a little too quickly.
That's for sure.
And Lizzy, you just
finished college.
Yeah, maybe put on the brakes.
I mean, what's another year?
Well, we're not kids anymore.
We know what we want and
we wanna be together.
We're just asking you guys
to be a part of our future.
We just hope you
can agree to that.
Please.
Okay, I don't wanna
argue with you guys.
Can we just not talk
about this right now?
We just want you two to
take a little more time.
Like give it a year.
That's not so long, is it?
Dad?
You guys are still very young.
You've got so much
growing up to do.
Marriage is a big step.
It's a lifelong commitment.
And I understand that.
I do.
You don't have
to get married now.
I mean, what's the rush?
What were you thinking?
You guys are talking
like Lizzy and I just met,
like, we've gone
through a big deal.
I've given this
a lot of thought.
I really have.
It's gonna happen.
There's nothing that's gonna
change your mind, is there?
I'm happy.
You guys can see that right?
Couldn't you just
be happy for us?
Proud of you.
Thanks, Dad.
You guys drive safe.
All right, we'll see ya.
You know, I'm not by myself.
I've got plenty of
people to help me.
I can do this.
I'm not being self-righteous
when I say that
I mean, I know I wasn't
the best kid growing up
and I put you guys
through a lot,
but you guys sent
me here to grow up.
I can't leave this place now.
I mean, Grandma left
it to me for a reason
Honey.
You know there is such a thing
as biting off more
than you can chew?
Lizzy, we're your parents.
I'm not asking
for your permission.
I'm just asking you to trust me.
You can't talk me out of this.
I know what I'm doing
here and with my life.
So you can support me or you
can leave it's up to you.
So when did you know?
Know what?
When did you know
you wanted to marry me?
Well, the first
minute I saw you,
it's just a matter of timing.
You're cute.
I like it when
you're being cute.
What's wrong?
Bad time with my parents,
but talking to them,
maybe they were right.
I mean, I'm going to be really
busy with all this eventing
and figuring out how
to take the ranch,
take care of the
ranch on my own.
You know, maybe we should
put it off another year.
I'm really surprised that
you're the one saying this.
I mean, shouldn't we
put the brakes on it?
I don't think
we should at all.
Doesn't this feel right to you?
We're not going to see very
much of each other at all.
I've seriously gotta train
if I wanna get Legacy
competition ready
and taking care of this ranch.
I mean, you get to go home.
I have to stay here.
Okay, I understand that.
And I know that, but I
know that I also love you
and I will be here with you
as much as I possibly can.
And then once we get married,
my home will be here with you.
We're really gettin'
married, aren't we?
There's no other
way around it.
It's gonna happen.
Even our parents are-
- Hey, we will show them.
We belong together, okay?
And it's gonna be hard work,
but I know that you're
not afraid of hard work.
And what about you?
Me, I'm not too
partial to hard work,
but for you, you
know, I can try it.
What are you doing?
I forgot to play this when I
first proposed to you, but...
What?
You go, girl.
first
event of the season!
Yeah, dressage.
I haven't actually done
this with Legacy before,
so I'm a little
nervous about it.
Oh, you'll be great.
I mean, cross country,
I'm looking forward to
but then there's show jumping
and I'm nervous again.
I know Legacy is gonna be great
but I'm not so
sure about myself.
You need to stop thinking
about the things
you're worried about.
Right answer.
Okay, I wanna
see you in action.
Oh, well, I am a little rusty,
so please not judge me too hard.
Why don't you
like showjumping?
It's not that I don't like it.
It's just that it's a lot.
I have to get Legacy over
these really high jumps
and it's all timed,
so I have to keep
going constantly.
And if I make a mistake, that
adds penalties onto our score
and that stuff we can't afford.
And then the more we do
it, the more tired we get
and the more penalties add up.
And it's just this
vicious cycle and-
- Why are you thinking
about mistakes
that you haven't made yet?
I mean, and you're not
going to make them,
but you're gearing
up against yourself
before you even get
out there, babe.
I have to think
about everything.
I mean, it's all up to me and
it's right around the corner.
You got one thing to
think about, right now,
one thing, your
relationship to Legacy.
That's it.
Yeah, we have been
through a lot together.
And you have something
so special together.
Never give up on yourself, okay?
Just remember why,
why are you competing?
Let's go.
Let's go have a party.
Come on.
All right, you
wanna tie that one off?
Hey, you're new here right?
Yeah, I am.
Oh, that's wonderful.
You know if you
don't mind me saying,
your horse looks a
little out of shape.
We haven't been
training very long so.
You know, I really
wouldn't dream of competing
with an inexperienced horse.
I trained for mine
for like two years
before even thinking about
stepping into an events space.
Well, she's a lot more
fit than you think she is.
I don't think
you should be here.
You're gonna get
in everyone's way.
And you know, everybody here
is really serious about this.
Do you even know
what dressage is.
I do actually.
You did it!
Yay, I am so proud of you!
For what?
I messed up.
Oh, so what?
You've got two
more competitions.
- This was your first.
- Yeah, but-
- You set out to do
something and you did it.
That's something to be proud of.
Why do I feel like this?
I feel like I
shouldn't even be here.
Okay, then let's go home.
You wanna go out and give
this the best you got?
Then that's all I wanna hear.
I want you to focus.
Want you to do it.
That's it.
Those other girls though.
There's this one.
She was just-
- She was just what?
She was saying
things, you know,
like making fun of Legacy.
I wanna do this, but I also
wanna make Legacy look good.
Legacy looks good.
You just think about the
relationship you have
with that horse.
Forget about the laughter.
Forget about the girls.
Forget about all of it.
Just focus on the now and
what you're doing now.
Huh?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- We'll stay and do this?
- Yeah.
Okay, let's go.
Lizzy, you guys looked
so great out there.
I didn't know Legacy was
such an awesome dancer.
Well, yeah I still
messed up though.
No, no, you didn't.
Look you haven't been
going at it for too long
but look you put your
mind to something
and you're actually doing it.
I guess I just
feel like I rushed
into everything, you know?
I think I should've
waited like you said.
James?
Hey, no way.
You know her?
James, I can't
believe it's really you.
It's me.
So how's life
been since school?
Really crazy.
Crazy, like you just
got out of prison crazy
or you're now a millionaire?
Like engaged.
Oh, you're the one
with the new horse.
Dressage is hard, isn't it?
Especially when your horse
has a mind of its own.
Well, I'm the one
who messed up so.
Well, at least you
finished the performance.
Managed to stay on the horse.
That's what
people keep telling me.
So marriage, I
can't believe it.
You're still so young.
Yeah, you actually sound
just like my parents right now.
Well, congratulations.
I know I could never
do something like that.
I've just got too much going on.
Eventing always takes up
so much time, you know?
And I just have one eye
on getting onto an
Olympic team one day.
I couldn't even think
about anything else.
Well, when you love something,
you can find the time.
Well, marriage just,
I never would have put you
down for something like that,
but whatever makes you happy.
Yeah.
Oh, hey, why don't you
come to the wedding?
I'll send you an invite.
Well, if I can
spare an afternoon,
I'll try but no promises.
I have two more
days of competition
and then I gotta watch the tapes
and then I have another
event to prepare for.
But you know, I get
very serious about this.
It's really not a
place for amateurs.
Yeah, no, I get that.
Sure.
But to tell you the truth, I
find weddings kind of boring.
Well I'll sure see
you later James.
And I'll see you at
the next competition.
See ya.
So, that girl, you guys
seem pretty friendly.
I've never heard you
mention her before.
What's the matter,
you don't like her?
You heard what she
said about Legacy.
I didn't, but yeah,
we're good friends.
I mean, we went to the
same high school together.
Took a lotta the same classes.
So that's it, you're
just good friends?
I promise, I
wouldn't lie to you.
I can't.
Good.
What's the matter?
I don't know.
You were just acting weird.
I mean, I know you
James, and that was new.
Acting like what?
Like you were
trying to impress her
or show off or something.
You don't have to be jealous.
Don't I?
No, I asked you to
marry me, remember?
You got nothing to worry about.
Promise?
I promise.
But there is something else
you should worry about.
What?
How we're gonna
plan this wedding.
That's what I
have to worry about?
Oh yeah, it's
gotta be perfect.
Cool.
Good.
Let's go wedding planning.
It's so beautiful in here.
It is.
Let's take a seat.
Let's talk.
To see two young people
wanting to get married
in love and loving the Lord.
I happy for you both.
At least you're happy for us.
I don't know if our parents are.
Your parents are aware that
you wanna get married right?
Yes, of course.
He asked my parents
permission before he asked me
James, I'm proud of you.
That takes courage.
Thanks.
I mean, they, they do support us
and they will be here, but
they just think we're too young
and maybe we haven't
thought this through enough.
I've been married
for nine years.
Marriage is tough.
Marriage is also one
of the most important
institutions in the world.
It's not just about the beautiful
day, parties and gifts.
And those are nice.
That's one day,
followed by a lifetime of
what will be hard work.
We know that and
we're ready for it.
Well, I've watched you
two mature and grow up
and I'm proud of you and
I be honored to marry you.
You're ready.
Thank you, sir.
I appreciate it.
It means a lot.
I've planned weddings
for some of the most
demanding people
to ever walk God's green earth.
Then you are the guy for me
From Eleven Courses Catering,
world-renowned chef
at your disposal.
I haven't thought
about the menu.
Then we've got a lotta
work to do anything you want,
we can do, wedding cakes too.
You know, we work
with Kupcakes & Co.
You design it and
we'll bring it to life.
I do have a lotta
work cut out for me.
Well, we're here to help.
Just don't leave me hanging.
We can't have guests go hungry.
Not at a wedding.
Hungry guests will
equal disaster.
I do not want that.
Listen, as long as you
don't become a bridezilla,
we should get along just fine.
Don't worry.
I don't have any time for that.
Oh, I've seen
it happen before.
There was a sweet lady,
kindergarten teacher,
everyone loved her
until she didn't get
the flowers she wanted.
She exploded.
Wedding was called off.
She lives alone in cave
somewhere now, all alone.
I don't want that
to happen to you.
I haven't thought
about flowers.
Or the menu.
You want perfection?
I can give you perfection,
but you're going to
have to work with me,
especially if you want
to Palm Sunday wedding.
Yeah.
Anything you want,
name it, you got it.
Commitment.
That's a good thing to have
right before getting married.
That's what I'm talking about.
What else are
you talking about?
Do you also want
a perfect wedding?
Hey James.
Bethany, hey, hi!
I like how she acts like
she can't even see me.
I can't wait to have a
horse of my own one day.
I had that same dream
when I was your age.
And it came true for you.
Yeah, with Hope.
It can come true for you too.
So next event,
cross country, right?
So you've seen all the girls
that you're competing against.
How do you feel?
Oh, well, I was confident,
but now I'm not so sure.
I'm thinking maybe
throwing in the towel
is the best way to go.
Legacy wants to event.
How do you know?
When I was with
her, she told me
- Really?
- There's no way
I'm gonna let you not run.
You're not gonna,
you're not gonna.
I mean, I don't know.
I just, it's been so long
since I've done any of this
and I've got the
wedding going on.
It's just a lot.
We're not gonna do this.
We're not, we're not gonna
have this conversation, okay?
Would you be talking
to your grandmother
if she was here
right now like this?
No way, so don't do it to me.
Okay.
Well I guess I'm doing it.
Yes.
Yes, you can do it.
Yeah, just gotta be better.
You will be, baby.
You really believe in me?
- Of course.
- Yes.
Next event competition.
Let's go, you're
gonna be awesome.
Let's do it.
Go Lizzy, go Legacy!
Come on, girlfriend
you can do this, do it!
Yes, yes!
Go Lizzy, go Legacy, yes!
Legacy looked happy out there.
Her eyes sparkled.
You could see that?
Of course, she
was happy excited,
having the best
time of her life.
Yeah.
I was like that when
I first met her.
It's like I looked into her eyes
and I could see what
she was thinking
and she could see what
I was thinking too.
Can you still do that?
I think so.
So how'd you feel out there?
It felt great.
It was cross country.
We were out there by ourselves.
Cross country is
definitely our best phase.
But you didn't feel
like that when you
were doing dressage?
No, Legacy definitely gets
her dancing skills from me.
And I've got two left feet.
You can't dance?
No, I am the worst at dancing.
My prom date had to be
taken away on a stretcher
because I was stepping
on his feet too much.
Come on!
No, I mean, it's true.
It's like my ears hear the music
but my feet just
can't follow the beat.
Okay, gotta put that last
competition behind you, right?
Gotta focus on right now.
What's happening now,
start all over again, okay?
You're gonna be great.
Hey, big boy.
Wanna grab one of those brushes?
Yeah, hey buddy.
Let's go over this way.
Hi.
Hi baby.
Back up, back up.
Good boy.
I love watching the
two of you do this.
You know, I have never
had a pet in my life.
Not even a dog, not 'til Hope,
and I had to learn
everything with him.
His likes, his dislikes,
and then when Legacy came along,
it was the same
thing all over again
Well, you're doing a good
job taking care of him.
Have you ever been
married before Linda?
I wonder where that came from
because your big day is right
around the corner, right?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Feeling a little nervous.
Hailey, will you take over?
Come with me.
So what's going on?
I don't know.
I just been feeling
a little nervous,
thinking about everything.
You can always
change your mind.
No, I'm being serious.
Baby, marriage
is a serious thing
you know, but I think
what you're going through
is just feeling some cold feet.
Don't worry about it,
it's a natural thing.
And yes, yes I
have been married.
He's not with us any longer,
but I had 25 years of bliss.
You know, ups and
downs, but solid.
He's been gone now
about five years
and every day I wake
up expecting him
to be somewhere in the house.
I'm sorry.
First 12 months after he died.
I, every morning, I'd
check out every single room
in the house because I thought
maybe I'd better double check.
Maybe he's hiding someplace.
You know, after all these years
I still remember the
moment that I said I do
and that was even before
he asked me to marry him.
Marriage is just something
pretty magical, isn't it?
Oh baby, don't
ever underestimate
the power of love when two
people come together like that.
I don't, I guess
that's why it's so scary.
But great things
are scary sometimes.
That's why you just have to
make sure that you're sure.
I'm sure.
You're sure?
Yeah.
Then there's
nothing to worry about.
Let's celebrate.
Okay.
You love James?
I do more than I ever
thought I could love anyone.
That's what makes it so scary.
It's not scary.
It's a good scary.
Okay, let's back up.
You know, you guys
coulda called us first.
I know, sorry.
It's okay, it's just
that with everything going
on right now, unexpected visits
might not be the best idea.
Well, we just wanted
to see you and talk.
Yeah, you guys can
come over whenever.
It's no big deal, really.
First, we think
you guys are crazy.
Look, I'm not here to fight.
I am desperate to be
part of this wedding.
Well, good.
I just wanna say that
we're here to help,
whatever you guys need,
however we can help, just
name it and I'll do it
just so I get to be there.
Well, thanks mom.
But Lizzy and I have
already got it sorted.
We shouldn't have been
so against your decision.
You're both adults.
It's okay.
It's not gonna be anything big.
We're gonna keep it
small and simple.
Yeah, it's nothing
too complicated.
Well, it seems like lots of
people already know about it.
I mean, Bethany
came by the house
the other day looking for you.
Yeah, I remember
you guys hanging out
in high school all the time.
We haven't seen her lately,
but I know you two were close.
I don't think you can ask
her to be your best man,
but I'm willing to do the job
if I get to do a speech
using my dad jokes and all.
I think we can consider that.
Well, I've got
great new material.
Mom loves it.
- No, no.
- Yeah she does,
she does.
Well, he is-
Losing weight,
been workin' out.
But every
time he works out,
he rewards himself with cake.
Well, who's making the cake?
You know your mom's
cakes are fabulous.
Oh, maybe I can
make the wedding cake.
I already have a caterer.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's gonna be good though.
You guys are gonna love them.
It's tastes great.
Can I get an apple?
I'm on a diet.
Do you want one?
No thank you.
She's in first
place after dressage.
I need to have a clean
run at cross country
and show jumping to move ahead.
You'll be fine, Lizzy.
You just perform
like you practice.
You'll be great.
Yeah.
Well, you might be
nervous, but Legacy isn't.
You just gotta have hope.
Yeah, there's just a lot
more going on than that.
Yeah, I mean you can just feel
when somebody doesn't
like you, you know?
I just wanna stop.
I mean, I just, what is this?
What's going on?
What do you mean?
What do I mean is
it's your turn soon!
Get your head in the race.
You said that the first time
you competed it was disastrous.
Let's not have the second
time be that way too.
Yeah.
I'm trying.
It doesn't sound
like that to me, Lizzy.
It really doesn't.
You've gotta get
your head straight.
You've gotta start
thinking clear
and you've got to focus, please.
Yeah, focus.
All right, well I guess I
gotta go saddle Legacy up.
I'll focus.
Back again?
Yeah.
You know, as the phases go on,
it only gets harder.
The mid-state eventing series
is not for the fainthearted.
Well, I'm not going anywhere
so we're gonna be seeing
a lot more of each other.
Okay.
Look, I know
you don't like me-
- I don't know you.
Then
why are you acting
like I did something
to offend you.
What is it that
you want from me?
I don't want anything.
I just don't understand why
you keep acting so rude to me
when you don't even know me.
I don't know.
But I do know James.
And what's that
supposed to mean?
Your marriage
to him won't work.
Why would you say
something like that?
Because it's true.
Well, you're wrong.
No, I'm not.
And you've also got no
chance at beating me.
Your horse is untalented
and she should be
left in a petting zoo,
not in a competition.
Well this just proves
that you obviously
don't know anything.
I certainly know
quite a bit about James.
Feel kinda sorry for him.
Well, you don't
know him like I do
and you never will.
Believe me, I know James
a lot better than you do.
You're just jealous.
That's what all this is about.
See you out there.
Good luck.
I'm more than disappointed.
I'm sorry.
I felt good out there too.
At least the first part
You were doing so great.
And you just lost your head.
Right to the end and
then you just gave up.
I had stand out there
and watch you fall apart.
I tell ya, I'm ready to take
off because there's no point
in my being here
to try and help you
if you're not gonna go
the extra mile out there.
Actually, it doesn't matter
who tries to help you
if you're not gonna give
extra effort out there.
Do you realize you were
this close to perfection
and you let it all slip away
because of some stupid rivalry.
But-
- No buts, no more buts.
That girl is so jealous of you,
she'll do anything she
can to get under your skin
and you're allowing it.
You're letting her do it.
You don't think I
had things like that
to face when I was riding?
Of course I did.
A lotta people do, but you've
got to learn to rise above it.
I had to learn to deal
with it, so do you.
Okay, let's get real.
Is this really what you want?
Yeah, I wanna finish it.
I wanna do the
third competition.
I'm gonna see it through.
Let's see it.
So where am I
supposed to go now?
Get in, I'll drive you back.
Okay.
You were much
better up there today.
Did you see your time?
You were much better than I
thought you were gonna be.
It's gonna make it
much more interesting.
And here I was thinking
you were a joke rider.
Look, I don't
wanna argue with you
so can you just leave me alone?
I'm not here to fight.
I'm here to talk.
We tried that already.
Can't say anything
without insulting me,
my fiance, or Legacy.
There's one
person who left out
of that little list of yours.
Who?
Linda, saw you
talking with her.
She had a little girl.
Yeah, that's
her granddaughter.
How well do you
think you know her?
Why?
What's she doing with you?
She's helping me.
Is that why you were
so much better today?
I mean, you were awful
in the first competition,
but you did okay today.
Suddenly Legacy isn't such
a talentless horse
after all, is she?
Says you, but I'm suspicious.
Well, I beat you so.
How much do you think
you know about Linda?
Why do you keep
asking about her?
Because I know
who she really is.
So do a lotta people and
it seems like you don't.
What do you wanna say now?
Linda isn't who
you think she is.
She's trouble.
She shoulda kept
herself hidden away
and if you know
what's good for you,
you'll stay away from her.
You just wanna insult
everyone in my life,
is that it?
You don't know anything
about her or anything else.
You're just scared and jealous
and people like you are
bitter and twisted inside.
You're just wasting your
life being like this.
Can't you see that?
So just leave me alone.
Why don't you do a little
bit of research on her
before you go tell
me how wrong I am?
Took it back
anyways, got it fixed
so we're gonna have,
I think it's gonna be-
- Hey James, I've been
meaning to talk to you.
Bethany.
We should totally go
for a coffee sometime.
Actually, I was
looking for Lizzy.
Did you see her anywhere?
Why are you marrying her?
What do you mean?
I mean, shouldn't you like
be saying congratulations?
No, not when I don't think
you're right for each other.
Wow, I mean, you're
like the first person
to actually say that.
I'm just being honest.
Well, to be honest,
I'm kinda tired of everybody
questioning my decisions.
I was really hoping
you'd be here today.
I mean, of course
I would be here.
I'm here to support Lizzy.
Why wouldn't I be?
That's not what I meant.
Look, I really missed you and
I thought about you every day
since high school
Bethany, just stop, okay?
Look, I
wrote you this letter
and I need you to read it.
What is this about?
Did I never tell
you that I liked you?
Bethany, I'm with
Lizzy now, okay?
We've been through
a lot together.
I'm sorry.
Lizzy, hey, been looking
all over for you.
Seems like you're
always talking to her.
Those shared glances.
What are you trying to say?
Is there something going?
With Bethany?
No, no, no, no,
no, of course not.
Don't even.
You've got nothing
to worry about.
Don't even think about Bethany.
Well, she's my
number one competition
so I have to beat
her if I want to win.
Well, if she's your
number one competition
what you need to do is focus.
You need to not-
Just get her outta your mind
and just focus on winning.
That's what you gotta do.
You can do this, okay?
I believe in you.
We're all here for you.
You can beat her.
Let's just go home.
So much to plan.
That's why you've got me here.
Who woulda thought
picking out flowers
would be this hard.
Well, here's your
challenge for today.
Not only do we need the
flowers nailed down,
we need the reception venue
and everything
that goes with it.
Oh, if you'd only given me
three things to focus on today,
I would've struggled, but
you've given me hundreds.
From Luis Matchicau fabrics
to the Nouvelle and Fairwinds.
Well, you asked
for perfection.
Yeah, but at this rate,
it's just gonna be me standing
in the middle of the field,
with a white t-shirt
and jeans, nobody else.
That's as much as
I've got planned
and the wedding's
right around the corner
Don't have a meltdown on me.
I'm trying.
Meltdowns are messy and I
really don't do cleaning up.
Just feel like
that's the only decision I'm
capable of making right now.
Am I the only one
not stressed out about this?
That's because you've made
less decisions than I have.
And I've made barely any.
You're making a
big deal out of this,
I mean, most of this stuff,
these particulars
don't bother me.
Gee thanks.
I'm serious, Lizzy.
I mean the wedding that you want
we're gonna make it happen,
whatever we have to do,
because it's all about you.
I can give you two some
space if that's what you need.
No, I want you to see this.
James, what kinda
wedding do you want?
The kind of wedding I want is
as long as you're there,
I'm there, and the pastor,
then I'm happy
And that's all?
That's it.
As long as you show up,
then I don't have an idea of
a picture perfect wedding,
but I have an idea of a
picture perfect bride.
And that's you.
That's so sweet.
Decisions, Lizzy, we
need to make decisions.
So, what is it?
Just wait until you see it.
Now you're either gonna love
it or you're gonna hate it.
I don't know which,
but I hope it's love.
All right, ladies, I'll
leave you to it, huh?
What's going on?
Well, I guess
you're just gonna have
to open the box and find out
Mom!
It's amazing.
Honestly don't know what to say.
There's something else inside.
Take a look.
Mom.
Now, I know it's not much,
but your dad and I wanna
pay for your wedding.
Now, you know how
your father is.
He won't even tip more
than 10% in a restaurant
but he really wants
to do this too.
So you know how serious we are.
I don't know what to say.
Just try on the
dress before I-
This part and then
there's a little jacket
that goes over it.
It's really cute.
And, veil!
All right, hurry,
try it on, try it on.
Well, it almost fits.
Well, I can alter it.
I mean, I may not be the
best seamstress in the world,
but this I can do.
Ah, my little girl
is getting married!
I'm gonna cry.
That's the reaction I
thought I was gonna get
when I first told you.
Oh stop.
Don't say things like that.
I was just a little concerned
that you were getting married
a little quickly, that's all.
But seeing you in my dress,
I just, oh, it's perfect.
Well, hold that thought
while I go get this sewing kit.
Okay.
Do you mind helping me?
- I don't wanna get all caught-
- Let me help you, sweetie.
Just get that.
Perfect.
Thank you.
This is always
the hardest part.
Awesome.
That's all right, thanks.
- You got it?
- Yeah.
All right.
Hey wait.
Whatever you do, don't let
James see you in this dress.
Oh, no worries.
Got it.
Hey Lizzy!
Lizzy, where are you?
Lizzy?
Oh, there you are.
What, did you get
lost or something?
Lizzy?
Lizzy, what's wrong?
Mom, I think it'd be
best if you just go home.
I need to take care
of some things here.
Honey, I'm not going anywhere
till you tell me
what's going on.
Just a minute ago you were as
happy as I've ever seen you
and now look at you.
I just need some
time by myself, please.
Honey, not until you
tell me what's going on.
I think we should
call off the wedding.
What?
No, honey!
No, I don't know what's going
on here, but we both know
that you do not wanna
call this wedding off.
Please just-
- Honey, you and James
both love each other.
You could tell by
the way you interact
and in the way you
look at each other
when you think nobody's looking.
Mom, just stop, stop,
you don't know what's going on.
Just leave, please.
Sweetheart, I will respect
that you don't wanna
talk to me, right now
but I want you to
know whatever you need
and whenever you're
ready to say,
that I'm right here for you.
Honey.
You don't understand.
I don't, you're right,
I don't understand.
Please make me understand.
I do not like seeing
you like this.
I can tell you're hurting.
Please let me help you, honey.
Honey, please.
I don't know what to do.
It's okay, honey.
I'll always be here for you.
What if he does
love this other girl?
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Hey, my friend,
you gotta get ready.
We got our next
competition comin' up.
I think Legacy will be
perfect for your show jumping.
Hey Linda, can I check
something with you real quick?
Sure, wait, wait,
lemme see you.
Have you been crying?
Are you all right?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Hailey, can you do me a favor
and go check on Legacy for me?
I've gotta talk to your
grandma about some adult stuff.
I'm not a little
kid, you know.
Yeah, I know, but I'm
asking you as a friend.
Really?
Yeah, I wouldn't ask
you if I didn't need it.
What was the last
time you evented?
It's been awhile.
Meet me up at the house.
If I ask you a question, you'd
tell me the truth, right?
Come on, of course.
Is this you?
Yes.
This article says that
you're using drugs and steroids
to make your horses
perform better.
Is that true?
Is that how you got
all those blue ribbons?
No.
But you were banned
from eventing, right?
Yes.
Lizzy.
Hey, you're back.
Hey.
Hey, what's going on?
Lizzy!
Can I talk to you?
How can I believe anything
that you have to say?
Because I'm gonna
tell you the truth.
Okay,
what's going on?
Is that why Legacy did so
well in the second competition?
Of course not, it's
because you two have worked
so hard together, that's why.
I can't believe anything
that you're saying.
I don't know if
you're lying to me.
I'm not a liar.
I don't-
- The newspaper article
you read, that's about me
and yes, I was banned
from competing.
So it is all true.
None of it's true, none of it.
Okay, I was about your age.
I was riding.
I was doing so well.
I was earning medals.
I was top of my game.
I loved it.
And I didn't do
anything, I promise.
Then why were you banned?
Because I was horribly
betrayed my best,
my best friend.
My trainer was injecting
the horses with steroids
so that they would run faster.
I didn't know anything about it.
When they found out,
they banned him from training
and then they banned me.
Nobody would believe that I
didn't know anything about it
so I just, I packed it all
in and I left the country.
Why'd you come back?
For the funeral.
And then I met you.
And I felt your heart,
I felt your passion,
I felt your fire.
And it reignited mine.
So I knew I had to
stay and help you.
Grandma, what's going on?
It's okay, baby.
This was just about
me and my past
and Lizzy needed to hear it.
Look at me.
I would never do
anything to hurt Legacy
or to disappoint you, never.
Please don't send us away.
I wanna help Legacy too.
I love her.
I really do.
I'm not sending you away.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have got
as upset as I did.
You have every right
to get upset, baby.
You've got a lot going on now.
You've got a lot on
your plate right now.
What are you doing?
Waiting.
No, I'm talking
about the text messages
and then the first
thing I see you're doing
is you're taking off your ring?
I'm doing it for a reason.
What reason could
there possibly be?
I think that we should
put a pause on this wedding.
A pause, no, no,
there can be no pause.
You said that much yourself.
Well, there's
going to have to be.
You know, this is
exactly what our parents-
- This has nothing to do with
what our parents have said.
Then what does
it have to do with?
I've read that
over and over again.
Well, I haven't
even read this once.
I didn't ask for it.
I didn't want it.
Okay, I didn't open it and
you shouldn't have either.
Aren't you curious?
No.
You should have left it in
the trash where it belonged.
Why didn't you tell me
that she'd given it to you?
I don't know.
I just want the truth.
That's all I've ever
wanted from anyone.
I didn't wanna
hurt your feelings.
If nothing was going on,
then nothing would
hurt my feelings.
Well nothing was going on.
I am not gonna
compete for you, James.
And you're never
gonna have to.
- I will not be second best.
- You're never gonna be.
I've always felt
like I need to compete
for everyone's attention,
even my parents' attention
I felt like I had to compete
to get them to notice me.
But with you, it was different.
I felt like I could be
myself 100% of the time.
And now I feel like you
want me to be something
that I'm not.
I can't compete with
someone else for you, James.
What do you do-
Where are you going?
Are you leaving?
I can't be here right now.
You've got this all wrong.
You kept this from me.
Whatever's going on
between you and Bethany,
you tried to hide it.
Just thought I was
doing the right thing.
Go.
Come in.
Hey sweetheart.
How are you feeling
this morning?
Okay.
I don't think I can go back
to the ranch today though.
If James is still there.
Do you want me to
talk to him for you?
No, I might need you guys
to go get me some clothes.
I'm gonna stay here
for a little while.
I have some friends who
can take care of Hope
and Legacy for me.
Just don't wanna
see James right now.
Sweetheart, you
need to talk to him.
I'm sure this is all just
a big misunderstanding.
You guys really
think I should go back?
Nope.
Yes.
Lizzy, when you're
married to someone,
you need to
communicate with them.
Now, I don't know what this
letter said or who this girl is
but I'm sure she's just
trying to cause problems
between you two for no reason.
I'm sure James is just
as confused as you are.
The things she said, Mom.
Well, you said James,
didn't read the letter, right?
Yeah, but why was
he trying to hide it
from me in the first place?
Oh honey, I'm sure he
just didn't wanna upset you.
Exactly.
Lizzy, no man wants
the woman that he loves
to be upset with him.
When your mother
and I got married,
if I thought something
was gonna upset her
I tried to keep
it nice and quiet.
Inevitably, she always
found out and inevitably-
- And inevitably
we both realized
that it's better just
to be open and honest
with one another.
Now had these little situations
he'd been upfront with me,
they never would've bothered me.
But I mean, it
took us a few years
to figure that out, right?
All life's lessons
Lizzy, I would
almost guarantee you
that James thought he was
trying to do the right thing
by throwing away the letter.
Granted, those letters should
not have been in your house
but Lizzy, you are
marrying him for a reason.
You love him and you trust him.
And the fact that he didn't
read those letters proves
that he's the man that
you know that he is.
Oh, I know, marriage,
Lizzy, it's scary.
It's all about patience
and trust and honesty.
But honey, from what I've seen,
James has always
been honest with you.
So you need to trust him.
It'll all be worth it.
Hey James.
No hugs.
You came here to see me right.
I came here to talk to you.
Then talk.
You came here for a reason.
It's for a reason
you're not gonna like.
James, you-
- You shouldn't
have written me this
and I never should've taken it.
And that's a mistake
I'm here to fix.
If it was a mistake,
then why did you read it?
I didn't read it.
Then why is it open?
I'm sorry if I gave
you any indication
that I had feelings
for you, but I don't.
I asked Lizzy to
marry me, nobody else.
I don't want it!
Take it.
I wrote it for you.
Read it.
Just take this!
No.
I hope you find someone.
I really do, but
it's not gonna be me.
Now, honey I know
you're not sick
but I made you your
special chicken curry pie.
Dad, last time you
made that for me,
I was sick for like a week.
Yeah, but now we know
not to use the frozen chicken
without the date on it, right?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Dad, I've been thinking and,
I'm sorry
For what?
I never thought about
how you'd be feeling
with Grandma's death
and everything.
I mean, she was your mom.
I've just been so
focused on myself
and everything going
on with my life.
I didn't think about you.
Kiddo, you don't have
to apologize to me.
I'm your father.
I'm supposed to worry
about your feelings
but you do have a lot
on your plate right now.
I mean that ranch
is a lot of work.
Trust me, I know.
I lived there.
You sure you wanna do this?
Are you sure you wanna keep it?
Yeah, I mean, how
could you ask me that?
It's my home.
I love it.
Well, yeah, it's my home too.
But nobody'd blame
you if you sold it.
It'd be a nice little
nest egg for you
to getting started in life.
Dad, I know the ranch
isn't your dream for my life.
Definitely wasn't your dream
for you, but it's my home now.
I'm gonna do whatever it
takes to keep it going.
Okay.
Well, I guess grandma left
to the right person, huh?
I think she knew
what she was doing.
Eat all that.
I checked the date
on it, I promise.
All right
Lizzy.
What are
you doing here?
I need you to come
back to the ranch.
Why?
Because I wanna marry you.
What about Bethany?
Bethany, who cares about her?
I don't.
She means nothing to me.
And the letter?
I destroyed it
like I should've done
in the first place.
Why?
Because I love you, Lizzy.
Isn't it obvious?
The wedding's
only a week away?
It is and I will be at
that church waiting for you.
Lizzy, all I can think about,
all I can dream about is
being together with you.
I cannot envision
myself in any other way
than being with you.
So what kinda wedding
you got planned?
I haven't got that far yet
but I was hoping I
could get a little help.
You know I couldn't leave
to plan a wedding by yourself,
even with Emmett's help.
No, that's why I
need you beside me.
To hold your hand?
That would be nice.
Are you sure you
really wanna do this?
I haven't hesitated yet.
I'm not about to.
I will be there at
the church waiting
to hear you say I do.
How's Legacy?
Legacy?
You've only been
gone for like a day.
I know, but I
miss her and Hope.
Well, why don't you
come back to the ranch
and find out.
I'm sure they'd be
happy to see you too.
Okay.
Hello.
Hi.
Lizzy!
Well, honestly,
there was a part of me
that wondered if I would
ever see you again.
Of course you would.
Never know.
I just had to, you
know, takes some space
to, you know, clear my
head and figure things out
'cause it was just a lot.
But I feel better now.
Good, how about some lemonade?
We go inside.
No, I don't have time.
I gotta focus on the next event.
That's why I came here
'cause I need you guys.
It's show jumping and I
haven't done it in a long time.
I think we've had this
conversation before, Lizzy.
Yeah, but it's
different this time.
How?
It's not just about me
and Legacy winning anymore.
'Cause I wanna clear your name.
You wanna what?
I don't know how, but
everybody just needs
to know that you're
not a cheat, you know?
And I feel like this
event could do that.
That's so nice
and I really
appreciate it, but no,
I don't think I wanna
put you through that.
I am definitely up
for the challenge.
That's a big challenge.
It's worth it.
I mean, you've been
helping out so much
and I haven't been doing
as much as I could have.
So you were right
to criticize me
but it's all different now.
I'm more focused and it's not,
it's not about me anymore.
It's about you guys.
It's so much more.
You don't need me for that.
I can't show
jump without Legacy
but I definitely can't
finish this without you.
You're competing
against her again, right?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You'll be fine.
I mean, this is
her whole life.
It's all she does.
It seems like I'm never gonna
not compete against her.
Okay, come on.
I need you to get
your head together.
Be ready, okay?
I'm ready.
Somehow I believe that.
I just have a feeling that
you're gonna be amazing.
This is gonna happen.
I can count on you this time.
It's for you and Legacy
this time so it's different.
Lizzy, you're the best here.
We'll be cheering
you all the way.
Thanks.
Yeah, no more coming
in second place.
Only by winning this thing
can I really prove how
great of a horse Legacy is.
And for you too, Lizzy.
You're great rider.
I don't want you to forget that.
Go on and show 'em
what you can do, baby.
Hey.
Look, I'm not
interested in anything
you have to say.
I'm just focusing on my jumps.
I wanna make you an offer.
What could
you possibly offer me?
Let me win.
Forfeit, take your
horse and go home
and you never have
to see me again.
What?
This means more to
me than it does to you.
You know that, right?
You don't know anything.
This isn't just about me
proving you wrong anymore.
Let me win or
you'll regret it.
No deal.
You can't bully me anymore.
I'm only gonna
make this offer once.
Well, my answer
isn't gonna change.
You have no power here
so you can't bully me.
Oh no?
Yeah, you know,
I'm sorry you thought
you could steal my life,
but it's mine.
So get your own.
Come on!
There's only one
thing that I wanna say.
This belongs to Linda Locke
just as much as
it belongs to me.
Some of you might think
you know her past,
but you couldn't be more wrong.
I couldn't have done
this without her
and I can never be
thankful enough.
I'd like to welcome
you to the wedding
of James and Elizabeth.
But before we begin,
I'd like to talk
to you about what I shared
with them in counseling.
We talked about life.
We talked about relationships.
Love comes easy, struggling
with what happens
on the day to day is
gonna be the hardest.
You're gonna get the
best of each other
and you're gonna get
the worst of each other.
Your marriage must be
first rooted in the Lord.
Are you ready?
Yes.
All right, let's do this.
Do you, James Mifflin,
take Elizabeth to be your
lawfully wedded wife,
to have and to hold,
to love and to cherish,
till death do you part?
I do.
Do you, Elizabeth, take James
to be your lawfully
wedded husband,
to have and to hold,
to love and to cherish,
till death do you part?
I do.
You both have the rings.
You're doin' great.
I now pronounce
you husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Ready?
- I can't believe it.
- Unbelievable.
So how did we do?
You guys did great.
I've never been
happier in my life.
Well here's to your health
and a long happy
marriage full of love.
Best wishes to the bride.
- Congratulations to the groom.
- Yes sir.
Thank you.
I'm gonna teach you how to ride
just like my grandma taught me.
Could I ever be as
good as you one day?
You'll be better.
Are you ready?
Yes.
I can't believe I'm
actually doing this.
You're looking good out there.
Oh yeah!
Okay, let's go.
Yes!
- You go girl.
- Wow.
So proud of you.
- Huh?
- Yeah.